Am I typing? 

Ok , so that is working as intented so far. This is great. One this I'd like to do is make is to that I can copy esasier and clear easierxvvv 

I like the word count feature

Also we should be able to have pages on here. They can be storesd in local storage or something and be available . Maybe a service worker?

This could be my nano project. I know how many words I'd have to type a day to make that happen, and this could be like a no going back journal of sourts. It would help people get their ideas on the page and force them to continue on. 

So why do I want to do that? I kinda need to build something ro write something. I haven't been creay )(My god please don't judege by my spelling mistakes. I'll transfer this to word and make it so that you can actually understand what I'm talking about here. 

This way I get to do bouth. I get to work on a project that allows me to work on future projects. It's the start of building a machineto help with my career in the boxxx
 hobby.

Let's do some quick math...

What's the average length of a book? 60k word sis the min i am finding.

What does that mean?
- It means I would have to write a n average of around 2k words a day to have a complete book.  I don't think I need 60k words to describe the process of this project so I'm going to sey that I only nood 30k or even 20k.  That would put me wbetween 499999999999

between 750-1000 wpm.   Not wpm, but wpd or wpd.  words per day jesus.

I currently have a word counter and for all esssential purposes a typewriter. Granted, it's not a great typewritter , but that's the prupose of this month. To keep moving forward. To have a growth mindset. To build the thing to help built the thing~!!!!

Maybe this will be a "revenge of analog" case. Where you almost need a Karoac of Jioyce stream of consciousness.  Maybe people just need to get something out and push beyond all their insecurities.

Maybe, and most litkely it will be nothing. But like my favorite Kurt Vonnegut always says, "It will make your soul grow."

I'm open sourcing this code and these notes for anyone f or any reason would be interested to read such garabge. 

Congrate s to you if you've made it this far.

Tonight is election night in America. The commander in chief has said that be won the election even though there is no evidence for this.  It has kept me up and I am typing this letter here to you.   v 

Note to self, I need to put a chicken check on the clear button.  That should not be able just to be pressed on accident.

In fact I'm going to do that right now.

Ok , so to do that I need to say when the clear button is checked, pop up another menu confiming that the user wants to delte the ext above.

Material UI component that will only be visible if a boolean is shown true.

Let's go code.

